Migrate from Mjolnir to Draupnir (#705)
canonical/synapse-operator: src-docs/mjolnir.py.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

> <a href="../src/draupnir.py#L0"><img align="right" style="float:right;" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-source-cccccc?style=flat-square"></a>

Reviewer: As per team decission, the .md files are not required anymore

# <kbd>module</kbd> `draupnir.py`
Provide the Draupnir class to represent the Draupnir plugin for Synapse. 

**Global Variables**
---------------
- **DRAUPNIR_SERVICE_NAME**
- **USERNAME**

---

## <kbd>class</kbd> `Draupnir`
A class representing the Draupnir plugin for Synapse application. 

> Draupnir is a moderation tool for Matrix to be used to protect your server from malicious invites, spam messages etc. See https://github.com/matrix-org/draupnir/ for more details about it. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Draupnir is a moderation tool for Matrix to be used to protect your server from malicious invites, spam messages etc. See https://github.com/the-draupnir-project/draupnir/ for more details about it. 
```
